# HIgh-security-keypad
GEL RESIDUE
-The keypad circuitry incorporates materials designed to create a layer of transparent film. Blocking all ports, chips, and cables from external manipulation. Designed as a hinderance and delay strategy, rather than absolute defence. Though primarily to ensure forensic evidence of intrusion is left, and the seal being broken if an ESPKEY logger has been inserted, or an attempt of manipulation occured.

-- DUAL TECH TAMPER SENSOR --
-Extremely high security keypads found on CNI (critical national infrastructure) are fitted with optical tamper sensors Designed to detect the case opening. Spring + reed switch tamper sensors were deemed "too easy to neutralise", and so the solution of the optical tamper sensor consists of: an IR laser module, and a photodiode. - Once the cover is removed, the small flag pole attatched to the cover that blocks the IR laser is removed with it, now the IR laser has nothing blocking its path, and it hits the diode, in turn triggering the tamper alarm. However with Intense prolonged study (5 minutes), i have identified core weaknesses in this design. One of which, being The optical tamper sensor is vulnerable to a cryonic freeze (administered through specific undisclosed technique), on either the diode or the IR laser itself. Ensuring the diode never recieves the IR laser beam (and the tamper senosr remains dormant), even with the cover removed. My solution to this would be a dual tech microwave / PIR sensor like that found on motion detectors. The purpose of this is to NOT replace, but SOLIDIFY existing keypad security (very cheaply). The microwave sensor detects rods manipulating the keypad internally through gaps, and the PIR sensor detects temperature changes.

-- ANTI BRUTE FORCE / MATRIX INJECTION --
- rather than explaining how matrix injection can be done, My goal is to explain my potential countermeasures. But simply; matrix injection can be done through reconnaisance of keypad protocol, then brute force injection of that replicated protocol with random combinations until the correct code combination Unlocks the keypad. During recon, i determine the PULSE WIDTH of the keypresses to the controller. (this can be done with an oscillioscope), so everytime a row or column is pressed, it sends a pulse of a specific width. My injections of protocol must match this exact pulse width, otherwise the controller wont recognise the inputs from my injector. What ive never seen before is ALTERNATING PULSE WIDTHS, with a constantly changing unpredictable algorithm.
The controller only knows what pulse width to expect, and so any other injection of a seperate pulse width triggers an alert or CODE / PROTOCOL CHANGE. (!!IMPORTANT NOTE: the GND wire must not be black, rather another unidentifiable random colour so i dont know where to attatch my GND lead on my oscillioscope. This actually kills any hope of recon But can be more of a time delay to a skilled attacker)

-- KEYPAD BODY STRUCTURE -- 
the keypad will have an outer layer of PLASTIC, Not metal. So any attempt to create a hole using ACID would not work. Furthermore the keypad will have a guard to prevent anyone watching the code input, and the keypad itself will be actually INSIDE the building wall to annihalate any hope of drilling from the side. As an extra layer of precaution, the keypad has a steel plate / square base surrounding it attatched to the wall, ensuring no drill can penetrate the wall next to the keypad, or access the nearby wiring inside the wall.

-- ADDITIONAL SECURITY FEATURES --
the EEPROM chip Will be protected by a faraday cage, sheilding it from EMP interferrence attempting to wipe the keypad memory and make a new code as admin. Every ROW and COLUMN of the keypad interface will be heated with an internal heating module 24/7 to ensure no distinctive heat residue is left visible from inputting a code that an attacker can use / see with a thermal camera. A guard surrounds the casing preventing videotaping from afar, or someone observing code input. Furthermore a UV light display always shines on the keypad interface, so that any UV powder on the keypad designed to catch where someone presses keys shines against the UV lighting system. And lastly, an anti drill network consisting of glass plating inside the walls, conductive chickenwire to detect drillbits, and a vibration sensor to detect forceful opening.
 

